Providing list of allowed Lambda Names for ParameterNaming (#439)
mrmans0n/compose-rules: docs/ktlint.md

compose_allowed_composition_locals = LocalSomething,LocalSomethingElse
```

### Providing a list of allowed Composable Lambda Names

> For `parameter-naming` rule you can define a list of `Lambda`s that are allowed in your codebase. For example, usages from the past found in the official Compose code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `parameter-naming` rule you can define a list of parameter names for function types that are allowed in your codebase. For example, usages from the past found in the official Compose code.
```
